hi my name is Homer and I'm a dog and I
like truffles and bubbles and long walks
on the beach I'm kind of a romantic in
that way can you feel that I can feel
that cat staring at me can you feel that
cats are so creepy if it were up to me I
would never keep an animal that does its
business in the house anyway I would
love to come to the ball so thorough a
weekend because I'm in love and I'd like
to express it and you know away the
grown dogs do my mom Jesus Casey I'm
busy here but my current situation
almost frankly not conducive to
expressing love I lost my job down
steeped with this economy and I'm and
I've been forced to move back home
purely a temporary situation I assure
you badly a am neutered I be well that's
what I see it really it's not
embarrassing to me at all bitches still
find me very very attractive I'm I can
assure you it's probably because I'm a
Labrador Retriever which is a very
popular breed these days this is Tilly
my soul mate and she is not a popular
breed in fact she is a mixed breed which
is all my mother talks about she's not
good enough for you she'll never keep
your interest you could do better that's
all my mom says but the chili makes me
feel smart and funny and warm all over
like you wanna have a stick in my mouth
for no apparent reason she is just so
damn hot isn't she
I think being neutered makes me a better
dog but you know sometimes I get these
emails that get through my spam filter
that really make me wonder if I could
have chili for just one night of the
ball so let me tell you what happens at
the balls those days of the ball schools
right I don't kiss and tell not when I
really will someone like I do silly
that's just not right anyway I know
you're thinking and you're wrong because
I do all the sport coat so there would
be no problem in your dining room and I
came to the sale the fork from a dessert
fork those times if I would do more a
lot more than just bark some tear for
real up there the great lords I love
snowmobiling and let's go shoot and
cross-country ski but you know I may be
too exhausted for that if you do what I
mean you have room surfers at the ball
soms so like this is your chance to do
the right thing you know debris a very
unlikely couple together to make a for
your likely couple very happy you know
any query symbol of this new age of
conciliation and I think that's a
message you could send to the world you
know that that we're all equal and then
the dogs matter to
I
Oh
I most of my days are spent alone